[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: Firstly,
what is a constructor?
>> Speaker 2: A
property.
>> Kyle Simpson: What's
that?
>> Speaker 2: A
property.
>> Kyle Simpson: I thought
you said problem.
I would agree, it is a problem.
What is a constructor?
It is a function that is called with
the new keyword in front of it.
Dot constructor is a property but
a constructor,
a constructor call, is a function that has
the new keyword in front of it, that's it.
What is bracket bracket prototype?
What is that prototype linkage and
where does it come from?
>> Speaker 2: When it's the prototype of
the constructor used to create the object?
>> Kyle Simpson: Sort of,
bracket bracket prototype is a linkage
from one object to another object.
Where it comes from, there's two
different ways that we've seen.
We can get that linkage
from object create,
which just links it to
another arbitrary object or
we can get it indirectly as step two
of the four steps of the new keyword.
But either way, we end up with
one object linked to another
object.
>> Kyle Simpson: Everybody following so
far?
>> Kyle Simpson: How does a that
prototype mechanism,
how does it affect on how we
deal with an object?
>> Speaker 2: Similar to a lexical
scope, where you can go up to the next
object [CROSSTALK].
>> Kyle Simpson: So we can call a property
or method on an object reference and
if it can't handle that property or
method reference, it delegates up
the prototype chain to a different object.
It's an amazingly powerful mechanism, this
delegation thing that we're getting to,
the fact that we can have the object
can almost be a fallback object.
But the fact that we can delegate
from one object to another object is
a powerful pattern.
You notice in all of this,
I haven't described anything about copying
the order but we'll come back to copying.
How do we find out about
where an object's prototype,
where that prototype's linkage points to?
There were three ways
that we figured it out?
We're given a1 or b1,
how do we find out where these
prototypes link to?
>> Speaker 2: Thunderproto.
>> Kyle Simpson: Thunderproto.
>> Speaker 2: Utility prototype o.
>> Kyle Simpson: Object of prototype o.
Now what was that third property?
>> Speaker 2: [CROSSTALK] Prototype.
>> Kyle Simpson: Dot constructor dot
prototype.
>> Kyle Simpson: All right,
just as a reminder, I said that
this keyword works really nicely.
But just as a reminder, we still have
exactly the same problems with our
this bindings that we did before when we
were only talking about this keywords.
If you take a1.speak and you pass it into
a click handler all by itself, what's
going to happen to it is this reference.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Kyle Simpson: jQuery is going to force
it to be the button rather
than our a1 object.
You still have the same problem where
you need to deal with dot bind,
hard bindings or whatever.